Uncopyright Notice
  The text of this book is uncopyrighted. The only right reserved by the author is this: you may not make any attempt to copyright this work or limit its use.
  This edition of the text was prepared by Mark McElroy and released in August 2014. It is based on material previously published as The Absolute Beginner’s Guide to Tarot (Que Books). The rights to this text reverted to the author in 2013.
  The Tarot card images in this book are scans of a 1st edition Rider-Waite Tarot designed by Pamela Coleman Smith and published by William Rider & Son Limited in December of 1909. These images are unambiguously in the public domain the United States.

  Version 1.0


Author’s Preface
  Tarot should be accessible.
  One obstacle to Tarot’s accessibility is the lack of clear information about the traditional meanings of each card. Many guides exist, but they are copyrighted, which limits their usefulness to students, teachers, and media developers. The text of Waite’s Pictorial Key to the Tarot is now in the public domain, but that text is too difficult for most readers.
  As the author of this work, I’m declaring all text in this document “uncopyrighted.” As a result, it is free for any use in any context. Want to integrate these meanings into your class materials? Want to use them in an iPhone app? Want to use them in your book? Want to remix, rehash, or revise them? Want to sell a book or app that uses these meanings?
  Have at them; they belong to everyone.
  If you use them, it builds good karma to give me some credit. Something simple will do, like: “Divinatory Meanings by Mark McElroy (http://www.TarotTools.com).” But you’re also free to use the material without any attribution at all. It’s up to you.
The only thing you can’t do with this text is make any attempt to limit its use. That’s the one right I reserve: the right to insist this text may be freely used by anyone, in any way, under any circumstances, world without end, Amen.

Mark McElroy
www.madebymark.com
www.tarottools.com
